Hi.
So today what we're gonna do is we have
this LogEntry class, and
I want to show you toString.
So the LogEntry class, notice it has these
five fields here, ipAddress and so on.
We've got our constructor and
we've all these methods.
And I've written toString down here.
And you can see that it returns those
five fields as one big long string and
what I've done is I've
got a tester over here,
that is creating two log entries le and
le2.
And I just kinda made up some information
for each of them, so they're different.
And then, it prints out the actual object.
It prints out le and it prints out le2.
So, let's run it and
see what happens when we do this.
So I'm gonna come over here.
Notice I need to compile both of these.
I'm gonna compile a tester.
And it actually compiles both of them for
me.
I'm gonna now run tester.
Test log entry, and
there you can see it printed out,
the five pieces of information for
each log entry, very nice.
So, now what I'm gonna do is,
I'm gonna come back to my class and
instead of calling it toString,
I'm gonna change the name,
I'm gonna call it, [NOISE] getLogInfo.
[NOISE] And compile it again and run it.
[NOISE] Now let's see what happens.
So I've got my object, and
now I'm running test LogEntry.
Oh, so I ran it, but
it just printed out something else.
Let's see what it printed.
It actually printed out the memory
location of each of those objects.
So let's go back to test our tester.
Here, and
you can see when I print out an object le.
It doesn't know how to print it out.
So, it just prints out
its address location.
It's not calling the method we wrote,
which is called,
let's see here, right here.
We called it, get logged info, it's not
calling that because we didn't specify it.
So let's come back over here and
we'll specify to print out
a log entry with that method, we need
to actually write, LogEntry.getLogInfo,
and I'll just do that for
the first object, and
I'll leave the other one le2 like that,
and let's see what happens.
We'll compile it, and
we'll come over here and run tester,
and so, you can see, for
the first object I called get log info,
and it prints the five
pieces of information.
But, for the second one,
I just said print the object, and so
it just shows the memory location of it.
So what's going on here?
It turns out that every class has
a two string method by default.
But it only knows to print out
the memory address of an object,
unless you actually specify
a two string class.
So I'm gonna change this
name back to toString.
And I'll come back over here in
our tester, and get rid of this.
Cuz notice,
I didn't actually call toString here.
I just said, print out the object.
And again,
if I show you what happens here.
We don't need the.
Okay, there we go.
So, we're just gonna print out the object,
we're not going to say how or anything,
but it just knows go look in my class and
if there's the two string method,
that's how I'd specify how
I want to print it out.
So again, we call it here.
And even though I didn't call two string,
it knows, it says,
you have a two string method,
I'll use yours and it prints out
the five pieces of information the way i
specified I wanted the object printed out.
I want to show you one more thing,
I'm gonna come over here,
that name two string is very important.
It has to be spelled exactly two
string with a capital S because
I'm gonna show you,
if you change it to lowercase s, so
it says two string,
then when I come over here and I run it.
Let's see what happens.
It goes back and prints the memory
address, because it says,
if there's a two string in there, spelled
with a capital S, it's gonna use that.
But that's the only thing it looks for,
since I don't have it spelled correctly,
it doesn't find it.
And so it says, I'll just print
out the memory address location.
So just remember that all objects
have a default two string method and
if you don't like it,
it's just gonna print out the object
address, then you can write your own.
And so, when it runs,
it'll see if there is a two string
method in there, then it will call it.
That's it.
That's for two string, thanks.